Misc README updates before 0.8.0 (#273)
truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli: README.md

---|---|---
`-h`|`--help`|Show help
`-b VERSION`|`--beta VERSION`|Set game version to VERSION, useful for downgrading (e.g. `temporary_1_35`)
`-c FILE`|`--configfile FILE`|Use alternative configuration file<br><br>Default: `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli.conf`
`-d`|`--enable-d3d11`|**DEPRECATED** Use Direct3D 11 instead of OpenGL
`-g DIR`|`--gamedir DIR`|Choose a different directory for the game files<br><br>Default: `$XDG_DATA_HOME/truckersmp-cli/(Game name)/data`
`-i APPID`|`--proton-appid APPID`|Choose a different AppID for Proton (Needs an update for changes)

> `-l LOG`|`--logfile LOG`|Write log into LOG, `-vv` option is recommended<br><br>Default: Empty string (only stderr)<br>Note: Messages from Steam/SteamCMD won't be written, only from this script (Game logs are written into `My Documents/{ETS2,ATS}MP/logs/client_*.log`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-l LOG`|`--logfile LOG`|Write log into LOG, `-vv` option is recommended<br><br>Default: Empty string (only stderr)<br>Note: Messages from Steam/SteamCMD won't be written, only from this script<br>See [#default-directories](https://github.com/truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli#default-directories) for game log locations.
```

`-m DIR`|`--moddir DIR`|Choose a different directory for the mod files<br><br>Default: `$XDG_DATA_HOME/truckersmp-cli/TruckersMP`
`-n NAME`|`--account NAME`|Steam account name to use
`-o DIR`|`--protondir DIR`|Choose a different Proton directory<br><br>Default: `$XDG_DATA_HOME/truckersmp-cli/Proton`

> `-p`|`--proton`|Start the game with Proton [Default on Linux if neither Proton or Wine are specified]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-p`|`--proton`|Start the game with Proton<br><br>Default on Linux if neither Proton or Wine are specified
```

> `-r {auto,dx11,gl}`|`--rendering-backend {auto,dx11,gl}`|Choose a rendering backend<br><br>Default: `auto` (OpenGL is used when `rendering-backend = ` is not specified for the game in the configuration file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-r {auto,dx11,gl}`|`--rendering-backend {auto,dx11,gl}`|Choose a rendering backend<br><br>Default: `auto`<br>OpenGL is used when `rendering-backend` is not specified for the game in the configuration file
```

> `-v`|`--verbose`|Verbose output (none:error, once:info, twice or more:debug)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-v`|`--verbose`|Verbose output<br><br>none: error, once: info, twice or more: debug)
```

> `-w`|`--wine`|Start the game with Wine [Default on other systems if neither Proton or Wine are specified]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-w`|`--wine`|Start the game with Wine<br><br>Default on systems other than linux if neither Proton or Wine are specified
```

`-x DIR`|`--prefixdir DIR`|Choose a different directory for the prefix<br><br>Default: `$XDG_DATA_HOME/truckersmp-cli/(Game name)/prefix`

> (Not available)|`--activate-native-d3dcompiler-47`|Activate native 64-bit `d3dcompiler_47.dll` when starting (Needed for D3D11 renderer)

Reviewer: Might be worth dropping this. It's set up to work automatically now and mentioned so in the known issues. https://github.com/truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli#rendering-backends also doesn't mention it.

(Not available)|`--check-windows-steam`|Check for the Windows Steam version on updating when using Proton
(Not available)|`--disable-proton-overlay`|Disable Steam Overlay when using Proton
(Not available)|`--disable-steamruntime`|Don't use Steam Runtime even when using Proton 5.13 or newer
(Not available)|`--download-throttle SPEED`|Limit download speed to SPEED (KiB/s), disabled if negative value is specified<br><br>Default: `-1`

> (Not available)|`--game-options OPTIONS`|Specify ATS/ETS2 options Note: If specifying one option, use `--game-options=-option` format<br><br>Default: `-nointro -64bit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Not available)|`--game-options OPTIONS`|Specify ATS/ETS2 options<br><br>Default: `-nointro -64bit`<br>Note: If specifying only one option, use `--game-options=-option` format
```

## Configuration file

It's possible to set various game settings and third party programs in a configuration file.

The configuration file format is similar to the INI format known from Windows with several sections `[section]` containing key-value-pairs `key = value`.
All sections are optional and a key-value-pair has to be in a section.
Boolean values can be `{yes,no}`, `{true,false}`, `{on,off}` and `{1,0}`.

### Default configuration file path

The default search path for the file is `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli.conf`.

> 

Reviewer: I actually meant to _also add_ it here: https://github.com/truckersmp-cli/truckersmp-cli#default-directories
